Hey, good morning family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining us again
today. I have my sweetheart with me and
I told her, I said, "Let's do a video
for the family and we'll go over
some things that we've been praying
over."I
think it's really cool that all
the prophetic words that the Lord gives
us when we pray are coming to pass so
quickly. We've been getting a lot of
news articles from a lot of the family.
They send us this stuff and they say,
"Hey, did you see this came to pass? Did
you see this come to
pass?"And
right now, China has decided to start
doing this new AI,
just like the Lord told us, a baby
that's being carried by a surrogate
robot.
And I'm like, is this sci-fi or is
this real? But it's real. They've
announced it today and it's on a lot of
channels like MSNBC and
other news outlets are talking about
it. It's mindboggling that this stuff is
coming out so quickly. You know, when we
used to pray over this stuff, it would
take sometimes years to see it. And now
we're seeing it so quickly. And this
Chinese robot is really creepy. It's
just like what the Lord said. There's no
human connection with the mother.
You know, here we have a baby that's
going to be carried for 9 months because
it's not convenient to mess up the
mother's body. And I told you
Hollywood's going to grab a hold of this
like really crazy. And you told me
it's only like $13,000 to buy one of
these robots.
Yeah, that's what they said that it was.
They plan on making it come out next
year is what they're planning on. And it
said the price was going to be like
$13,900.
Yeah.
And I don't know how much it costs to
have a surrogate. I think it's probably
$100,000 or more.
So this is a lot cheaper than having a
human
surrogate.
Yeah. And so if this is really something
that they start to come out with,
this is as in the
days of Noah. We're
getting It's getting darker and darker
and darker. And to me, I just don't
know. Maybe I'm making a
bigger deal out of it than what I
should, but I feel it's a huge deal.
I think this is a caution red flag.
There's something more when we're so
selfish that we don't want to carry a
baby that we have to have a robot carry
our child. That's not even a human
connection. It's
trying to merge AI with human. It's
just creepy, folks. This is what we know
is coming. The Lord already warned us
ahead of time. These are the signs
of the times. Mhm.
And I'm telling you, if your head is in
the sand right now, and you're not
preaching behind your pulpit the signs
of the times warning that Jesus Christ
is coming, I don't know what you're
preaching. This is not church as usual
right now. This is church unusual.
It's time for the body of Christ to wake
up. We're running out of time. The Lord
told me, he said, "Brandon, there's no
urgency in the church. They're still
preaching a seeker-friendly, feel-good
message, not warning the church of
what's coming. There's a great shaking to
awaken that's coming."And I'm telling
you, in a 24-hour period, I need you to
hear me. In a 24-hour period, everything
that you know is about to change. "Well,
Brandon,
I heard you say that
before."I'm
trying to warn you. When we were
praying, I think it was like in the
morning, the Lord said, "I need you to
pray now. There's things that are
happening right now."And so, he said,
"Go get communion."So, we ran out and
got communion.
And we got our communion. Hey, and whoever
is sending the box of communion, thank
you. We got it in the mail. What a
blessing. We got, I think, two boxes or
whatever. And it's like people are
really loving on us. We took it today.
We take communion all the time around
here. But I just want to tell you, when
we took communion, we were praying for
another prophetic ministry up north and
the Lord had us interceding for them
because I saw an attack coming on them. And
all of a sudden, the Lord said, "I've
got more I need to show you. Get
ready."And
all of a sudden,
I went up like an eagle
above. And he started showing me what
happened in the meeting with Putin and
Trump.
And he said, "I'm going to take you to
the meeting"—which was in the past
then,
but he said, "I'm going to allow you to
hear the conversation
they were having
in this meeting and what was
discussed."Mhm.
You will not hear this in public. He
said, "You're not going to hear this in
public what was really discussed.
They'll give you glimpses, but they will
never tell you what was said in those
three hours in full
detail."And
some of the things that I was
hearing Trump say and Putin say
were,
quite frankly, kind of
scary. There was some of it I said,
"Lord, I don't think I'll ever publicly
be able to say some of this, of
course, but there's some of it I can,
maybe,
just because of the sensitivity
of the detail of what I was
hearing."And
the Lord said, "I'm
showing you this and I'm allowing you to
hear this for prayer, for this is the
beginning of something
that
will
metamorphose.
It will change, and this is an
ongoing thing, clear going into what we
see Zelensky panicking and saying, 'We
need to bring the EU in this.'And this is
exactly what the Lord warned us:
the
catalyst.""The
catalyst.""Thanks.
She has such a deeper
vocabulary than me because she reads.
That's Holy Ghost. I just the words
bubble up in my
spirit."So
we see the catalyst of the end times
unfolding. And as I was in this
meeting in the spirit,
I was shown the bear, and it was a bear
head, and the bear's head was deflated,
and it was like a little beach ball. And
as Trump was talking and feeding the
bear, he did not poke the
bear. He actually embraced the bear in
the meeting. I was like, "Well, our
prayers worked,"because he was like,
"The bear is my buddy. The bear is my
pal."And
I was like, "This is not what I
saw."And
the body of Christ really
prayed over this, and look what
happened, because he handled him as if he
was a friend. It
was
almost alarming to me, the way the whole
meeting went whenever I was in the
spirit and I was listening to it. But as
the bear was before him, the bear
started out really small and timid, but
the bear's head got bigger and bigger
and bigger and bigger to the point where
it was a beach ball.
It was a massive beach ball, and it
deflated, and then the bear got strength,
and the bear started getting bigger. And
the Lord said, "Do you not see what I'm
doing? This will be the hook in the
jaw eventually. You need a strong Russia
for the hook in the jaw for what's
coming.
You're going to see the bear take a
different role. As he's playing his
cards,
he's bluffing. He wants all the land.
And as he comes about all these things
that you're hearing, he's
bluffing. He has Kim Jong-un in the
background."All
the things that were
being said, I was hearing it. But
what I saw was he wants the
land that they've conquered.
They wanted that to stay Russia, but
they wanted Zelensky gone. The Lord used
the term "a proxy government"in the days
ahead. A new proxy government. And I saw
a new white man who was elderly.
I saw Zelensky be removed in the days
ahead.
You get the conclusion of how that would
happen; I'm not going to say either way,
but what I heard was alarming.
And so I would say
if he does not go along with this
plan,
I heard President Trump saying, "You
don't want to go down this road. There's
too many lives being..."He was the peace
negotiator. He was trying to deflate the
problem. He wanted to deflate
ego, because he was already on
defense. I saw it in the spirit. He was
on defense, like he had his boxing gloves
up like, "You know, what are you going to
say to me? How are you
going to bully me?"And Trump came at it
in the spirit realm. I could hear
it as: 'You don't want to keep going
down this road.'Why don't we bring
prosperity back to Russia?
Why don't we bring a great economic
shift to Russia? You don't want to go
BRICS.
You don't want to go with China
in this. You can come with us with this
and we will take the sanctions off of
your banking. We'll take the sanctions
off of your businessmen. We'll make
Russia great again
if you just defuse this war.
Because we don't want the war. We want
peace. But why? You're losing. This
isn't you. You're smarter
than this. I heard him say, 'You're
smarter than this, Putin. You're smarter than this.'He kept telling him, 'You're
smarter than this.
You don't want to go down this
road.
You're losing all kinds of men. People
are dying. You're smarter than this.
Don't you want to see a prosperous
Russia? Don't you want to see a
prosperous nation, a future for your
kids? The way you're going right now is
not the way to go.'And that's the way
Trump was talking to him in the media
when I was praying into it. This is what
I saw. And the Lord was showing me a
defusing
inside of him immediately.
There was like a peace. It's like his
mind was thinking like, 'You're not
coming at me like I thought you
were
going to.'Global Events
& Prophecy.
You didn't poke the bear. You handled
the bear with care, but you handled it
in a way that was shocking all, in my
opinion. And the way I was
expecting him to be a little bit of, you
know, like a schoolyard bully, like, 'You
do what I tell you to do, or we're
going to go throw down.'But it was like,
'You're smarter than this.'It was
almost like the smart guy
talking to the guy that's the thug,
saying, 'Hey, we can make a
business deal together. The art of
the deal. The art of the deal.
Don't you think we could make something
work of making your nation great and
ours at the same time for the time that
I'm
here?'But
the stipulations that I was hearing
was he has to go because he doesn't want
a Russia that's strong. He doesn't
want all this, and he doesn't want peace.
I told you I saw Zelensky as a puppet,
and as he was being maneuvered
like a puppet... you'll see this in
the days ahead. I believe with all my
heart this is going to play out just
like I'm seeing it all together. France,
Germany, Italy,
United Kingdom, and Canada want war. The
Lord said their economy is in trouble.
And what funds economies to go and
become great, to stabilize economies,
is
war. Just like I was saying, and as they
scramble in the days ahead, they're
like,
'Oh no, we've got to come to this meeting,
too. It's not just Zelensky. We don't
agree because our dollar is in
this too, you know.'And you'll see that
coming on Monday: representatives from
NATO, representatives from these
nations, all coming there to try to tell
Trump, 'You're siding too much
with Putin.'But what it is is that
you have a Putin that already... it's like
he said to Zelensky in the White House,
'You don't have the cards.'It's all about
poker. 'You don't have the cards.
You're in trouble. Without us,
we're not going to fund this. If you
don't deflate this balloon and make war
go away, you don't have the
cards.'So,
what will they do? A black swan event,
a major try to poke the bear in their
own way to uptick war, if
what I believe I'm seeing is
correct,
because I'm telling you all,
the Pinocchio with the big nose...
I didn't see him
trying to deflate this. The Lord
said, 'To be continued,'as I was
pulled out of the vision. You need to
still pray into this because it was
about Zelensky. Now, this is what's
coming tomorrow.
This is what the big day tomorrow is about.
What will be the kicker
is
because what we will see, I believe,
is a Ukraine that has a proxy
government in the days ahead with a
strong leader that is
pro-Ukraine,
pro-Russia,
and they will bring a unity there
with this elderly man. I saw an elderly
man that was probably 65 to 70 years old,
who
had grayish hair, and
I saw him. It was like
he was coming on the scene and he
was being placed into power, someone who was pro-Ukraine,
pro-Russia.
That's what
their plan was. Now, will that take
place? I have no idea, folks. That's
just what I was seeing that was being
presented over here. But what happens
over here? You know, that's what
we have to pray about because I get
these visions and the Lord shows this to
me of what they're talking about. That
doesn't mean it's going to happen. It's
just what they're coming
up with as a plan.
So, I'm not saying this is for sure
nailed in stone, boom, you know, this is
what's being discussed. This is,
'How do we defuse this thing and how
do we do this?'But this is where I
was seeing what was presented to him,
because the Lord said, 'I'm going to
allow you to see some things.'So, as
this is going on, what will happen over
here on Monday? And that's what we pray
about tonight. And as Putin was leaving
and he was getting in his plane
to go, I saw him hunched over with a
demonic grin in the spirit realm,
and he looked like Mr. Burns on The
Simpsons
with a long, pointed nose, and he
was like, you know, like that
creepiness, and he was bent over with his
jacket on. He had a black
sports blazer with a
white shirt and a black tie. He looked
like mafia, and he was bent over and he
had a demonic grin on his face like Mr.
Burns, like, 'I got everything I wanted.
This played right into my
favor of what I'm wanting, and he's on my
side,'because
I heard both of them say
they neither one of them like
Zelensky.
Neither one of them wanted Zelensky. 'Zelensky
is a problem'is
what came. 'Zelensky
is
a
problem.'And
I was thinking, 'This is not the way I
thought it would go. Ain't that
interesting?'But
it was a way to get
past the hard shell
that had been a wall, and how to get
around that wall and communicate in a
way that would get to deflating the ego,
deflating a stance of defense,
like, 'You're not going to hear me
because you already think I'm against
you.
You've already divided. You've already
come up with your plan in your
mind.'And
that's why I thought it was
interesting, because the Art of the Deal
was: how do you get around that wall of
stone cold,
because you already have your mind
made up of what I'm going to do, but I'm
going to come at this from a
different direction? And I'm telling
you, it was only by the Spirit of God, by
prayer,
because what I saw before was an
arrogant Trump that was, 'You're going to
do what I tell you to do,'and
strong-arming
somebody. And the Lord said, 'You better
not try to strongarm him.'Remember how
many times we prayed over that? 'Do not
strongarm him. He won't hear. You're
going to make this... it's rice paper
thin.
You're about to send this thing over
like a powder
keg.
Go at this
differently.'Either
way, Putin is not right, and I
saw a man that was holding his cards and
he wants the whole land. He wants Poland
back. He wants all of Ukraine. He wants
everything. But I'm telling you,
that's later on. But what happens
right now of what I'm praying over while
President Trump is president for this
next three and a half years? What are we
going to see evolve around this? But I'm
telling you what I'm praying over. I
keep seeing
major earthquakes, major disruptions in
the Northwest, major disruptions in
the Northwest concerning British
Columbia. And I believe a lot of
this will spin off of how
they treat Israel in the days ahead,
how they treat the land of Israel. Will
they try to divide the land? Will they
try to come against and cause a
two-state solution and all the things
that... it's what we're praying over right
now. Who's for us? Who's the sheep
nation? Who's the goat nations? I
talked to Sister Billy, and I was asking
her about the red heifer and I said, 'What
do you think about this?'She said,
"She had to get back to me, you know,
because she's really busy. I just love
her. She's my new spiritual
mama."I
told her, I said, "She's been
a friend to us."And she said, "I
know, Brandon, I know the people who are
raising the red heifers directly. I know
them."And
she told us, she said, "I've
talked to them and I took
pictures."She
even sent us pictures privately of the
red heifers that were disqualified
and she said, "See, these are
them."She
had personal photos that
she took of the lady who was
actually feeding and taking care of
these cows and the building.
She took pictures of the lady and sent
them,
standing next to the lady in the
photo showing me that they're friends,
and I was like, "Get out of
here!"So,
all the things you're hearing on
the internet right now is a
bunch of he-said, she-said: "Well, they
sacrificed and they got this, but the
ashes and it was a private
ceremony"and
all this. She said, "Brandon, that's not
true."She
goes that all the heifers were
disqualified, from what she's been told
from her friend over there, that they
were all disqualified, that
none of it is real, and that
they had to find, I guess they
had to find new ones, from what I
understand. But I just thought it was
cool having somebody on the inside like
that who actually knows the lady
who's
raising, actually feeding and
watering these cows, and I had pictures of them and I was like,
"Is that
the coolest thing?"Miss Billye has the
coolest connections in Israel, you know,
with her building
Migdal,
this place for the two
witnesses, you know, she's building a
hotel for the Jews whenever the
Antichrist comes on the scene and tries
to create a place for them to stay
during the Tribulation. And she has
this hotel. She's believing God right
now for 20-some million dollars
to finish this hotel that she has
the land for, and it's all end
times. It's just the coolest thing
ever—all
the things that God is using this
lady who is 80-some years old. And
here she is pushing away as a pillar in
the end-time army by herself, a widow
woman
doing all this, and I just respect that.
You know, 80-some years old and pushing and
doing a hotel at 80-some years old,
she's a fighter. I just look at her, and
she's healthy and smart and
of
sound mind. I mean, you know, when you
talk to her, it's not like you're
talking to
somebody older—no
disrespect—but
she's
just sound in her mind, and it's just
amazing, the scripture memorization and
everything. It's just, wow, you know?
Thank God. I pray God keeps people
like that strong, who are
end-time
pillars. Now, where does that leave us
in the end times? I have no idea. All
I know is they could find a
heifer
tomorrow. God could supernaturally
create one, put it on a hill, and go,
"Where'd that cow come from?"I don't
know. But I don't limit God and make Him
go, "Well, no, the sky is falling,
Chicken Little. We don't have a red
heifer."Now,
a red heifer could be on
the hill, and it could be
supernaturally made, and I don't know.
I'm just believing God could do
something big, and it could come out
of nowhere, and be just exactly
what we need in the end times or where
we are in the end times. I just know
that God is not going, "Well, Lord,
well, Jesus, it had five black hairs on it
and it disqualified it."And you know,
"I wasn't expecting that.
I guess they can't sacrifice and You
can't come back
sooner."I
just know that
God's not up there shocked
at
all, whatever. There's a plan, and
oh, what a planner!
And what God has in store for us is
amazing. Right now, what we should be
focusing on is not about a red heifer, not
about wars and rumors of wars, but about
bringing in the harvest as quickly and
as fast as possible. Because that's what
He said, "I'm waiting
on."He
told me specifically, He said,
"Brandon, you bring in the
harvest, son."He was standing there. He
was underneath the
chuppah,
this wedding
festival that He was getting ready for,
the ceremony. He was standing there as a
pillar of fire. And as He was standing
underneath there, He said, "I'm waiting
on you. What are you going to do to help
me bring in the harvest?"And I'm no
longer seeing a blob of light. It looked
longways.
Because every time the Lord appears,
I see Him as a pillar of light, a
pillar of fire.
It was no longer in a ball like when
you're sitting down. He was standing up
waiting, looking at the edge of time,
saying, "What are you going to do to
bring in the harvest?"And if that's what
my Father's waiting on, I'm going to do
everything in my power, on my little
YouTube channel, whatever I've got, to
help bring in as many people to the Lord
as possible, as quickly as possible.
But He said to me, "You're about to see
an
establishment, a metamorphosis even,
in my ministry of acceleration, with
the prophetic seeing of how we see and
how we, as an extension of creative
miracles and healings and demonstrations
and manifestations."He said, "You'll no
longer be known on the internet in the
days ahead as a seeing and praying
channel like this, but you'll be known
as 'will pray for them and they'll be
healed.'You're
going to see
miracles being called out on this
healing
broadcast and the power of God touching
you right where you are behind this
camera. It doesn't have to be that
you have to have somebody lay hands on
you to receive your miracle today, but
God will touch you right where you are
and you will receive what you've been believing
for, for I don't know how long. It
doesn't matter. You say, 'Well, Brandon,
I've been bound by this for 20, 30
years.'But
I'm telling you today by the
Spirit of God, there's an expiration
date to your problem,
and it's time to believe for your
miracle.
We are in the last of the last of the
last seconds of this end time. I
believe that God's going to show up and
show off in your life today. Why not
believe for today?"As we see the days
approaching, as we see as the days of
Noah with the babies and all the
weirdness that we're hearing on the
news, He told me there would be stadiums
filled with people worshiping
in
glory and the anointing and the presence
of God beyond anybody's comprehension in
the day. He said instead of sporting
events, because there won't be so many
people coming to watch the sporting
events, there'll be glory events.
It's time for the glorious church, for
the manifested sons and daughters, for
the glorious church to rise up and take
the baton and say, "We're the new
generation. Let's do this."The elders
are getting tired, folks. And we pray
that God would keep them strong. But
here, we have young legs. Let's do
this.
Well, some of them are.
Some of them are. Sister Billye isn't.
No,
she's feisty. She's going after
it. I'm like, "Let's, I love
it."Well,
88 years old and going after the gospel,
you have a generation that's still
fighters. And I'm excited about it. But
there's some of them that are getting
tired, and they're ready to go home.
That's fine. Pass the baton. Let's do
this
because I'm telling you, it's time for
all hands on deck right now.
And that's why I was praying for
so many people. Did you know Perry
Stone was doing—I don't care what Perry
Stone did in the past. I'm going to tell you
this, what God told me. He said, "I'm
using these men and women
right now because they need some
refreshing.
They get weary in
well-doing."And
I don't know about all the
articles that you all have been sending me
telling me he's done this and he's
done that. I'm telling you this is why
the Lord told us to pray for these
people.
I'm not ever here to cast the first
stone on anybody.
"Well, they shouldn't have
done that or shouldn't have done
this."I
don't know what they did. I wasn't
there. It's all he-said, she-said. But
I'm going to tell you this. What the
Lord told me: pray for them. Pray for
his wife. Made sense. If it is true,
okay, but still pray for him.
Did that disqualify him from ministry?
Heavens no. I believe God
is—if
he would forgive David, if he
would forgive Moses, if he would forgive
all this stuff and go on, he'll forgive
Perry Stone, he'll forgive anybody else
that needs to be forgiven, and it's under the
blood. We're not here to pick at nobody,
but I'm telling you, I believe God
raises up generals for such a time as
this that have been there and been
around the mountain and know how to
stand in these last days. I didn't
realize—I
told Diana, I said, I didn't
realize when you're pouring out and
pouring out and pouring out,
I can maintain for me and my wife and
my kids spiritually; it's
what we've always done. But when you're
doing not just for you and your wife and
your kids anymore and you're dumping out
to the masses, it's another level of
staying spiritually hydrated. That's
what I was talking to one of my
friends. I said, 'You've got to stay
spiritually hydrated.
You're pouring out and pouring out and
pouring out. And the devil will only
come and get the ones that are weak.
It's just like the pack of lions that
look for the ones that are maimed up and
sick in the tribe of the elk or
whatever. They're looking for the weak
ones, the ones that are malnourished,
the ones that don't have enough water,
that are out there,
they're scurrying around. Who can we take
out of this little pack of
wildebeests?
Who's the weak one of the
bunch?'If
you're strong and
you've
got some meat on you, they go,
'We can't touch him, but we'll get
him.'That's
why I'm trying to warn my
friends, my prophetic friends, to say,
'Listen, you've got to stay hydrated in
these days ahead.
I've seen very dark, hard days coming as
a watchman on the wall.'It's like I
told—I
said, I don't see myself as a
prophet. I'm just a watchman. I pray,
but I'm seeing as a watchman standing on
the wall warning you all what's coming.
Very, very hard days are coming for some
people.
A shaking to awaken. The Lord warned us
there would be a shaking in the heavens. Signs in
the heavens,
major signs, fearful sights you will see
will bring you to your knees. A shaking
in the earth, a shaking in the economy,
a shaking in the politics, and a shaking
in the church. Five major shakings will
take place in the days ahead when we
step forth into September. He said,
'September will be a month to remember
in the spirit realm.'I saw it circled
and it was covered in a haze. And he
said, 'Watch the 23rd. Watch these time
frames.'I
didn't even know, ladies and
gentlemen, that there was an eclipse on
the 7th of September, a blood moon. But
it's not over America. It's over Israel.
It's over Europe. It's over the Middle
East. A blood moon on the 7th of the
same month.
Amazing prophetic signs. Another blood
moon
coming
on September the 7th.
And I'm like, that's not a coincidence.
This is the time frame the Lord has
already warned us about. Signs in the
heavens. Signs of the heavens. It's not
about America this time, but seven
billion people have the opportunity to
see this eclipse.
Wow. Seven billion out of eight
billion, almost nine billion people,
whatever it is now. So that means the
Western culture, we're not really going
to see it, but all of the Middle East
and Europe and all this, they're all
going to see this major eclipse on this
September 7th. And I thought that's not
a
coincidence around this blood moon is
happening with these peace agreements and
the next two weeks, you've got all
these. And the Lord said, 'Watch this. A
dividing between the sheep and the
goats is coming beyond anybody's
comprehension.'Do
you understand where
we are right now, folks? He said, 'If
you're listening to me and you're
keeping your head on my chest and
hear my breath, I'll show you the secret
things.
I'll tell you the secret things. I want
my church not to be caught off
guard.'Lot
was caught off guard. He didn't know
what was coming.
He didn't know the signs of the times of
where he was living in. Why? Because he
became
too familiar with Sodom and
Gomorrah. He was in the midst of them.
He was hanging out with them. He was
bumping shoulders with them every single
day. And because of that, he became
spiritually dry. He became spiritually
not saturated like Abraham standing up
on the mountaintop saying, 'God have
mercy.'Because
you know who God came
and visited?
He came to the one that was
full.
He came to the one that was having an
ear towards him. It wasn't the one that
was in the midst of Sodom and Gomorrah
that had pitched his tent going to
Sodom and Gomorrah and saying, 'Hey, I
want to be amongst them.'And there's so
many of you right now, I hear by the
spirit of God that you have pitched
your tent in the midst of Sodom and
Gomorrah and your circumstance and you
don't even realize what's coming. Your
head is in the sand. And I'm here to
tell you today, it's time for you to
wake up. You're running out of time.
You need to hear the Father's voice and
instruction on every single thing. Not
just on every once in a while—'Well, I
heard him on this.'No, you need to hear
him on a day-to-day basis. 'Where are you,
Father? Where are you?'If you didn't
hear him today or anytime this week, he
could be on another path over here
and you're going concerning your life or
whatever and you're not hearing him. You
have to be like a clock ticks. A fine
Rolex watch. Precision Swiss watch. Tick
tick tick tick tick. Are you listening?
Do you know what's coming? There's signs
of the times. Are you listening? I hear
the clock ticking of the end times. And
are you listening? Tick tick tick. As we
see, he said you're going to—as the blue
whales—they
said the blue whales are
fleeing the area and the scientists
can't figure out why, all on the
West Coast. All of a sudden the blue
whales
are starting to act strange. I
told you all you'll start to see fish
and patterns of animals change
in the days ahead. Things will start to
act different. Migration of birds,
breeding patterns of animals in the
fall. Things will start to—even the
light will start to change. Volcanoes
will start to go off in all
these places. We're at the beginning of
sorrows. But the Bible never told us
that we wouldn't see some of these
things before the rapture of the church.
He said these are the beginning of
sorrows.
He warned us that we would see this, but
a lot of us have an expectation of
we're getting out of here sooner than
what we think we're going to.
And I'm telling you, the Lord told me,
he said, 'Brandon, I'm not coming back
for a weak, anemic church. I'm coming
back for a church with a backbone like a
crowbar.
They're not having an escape
mentality.'This
is the word I got from him. And
many people are going, 'Brandon, did you
know I believe the rapture of the church
is taking place in September?'No, it's
not. I know it in my spirit. You know,
you'll know. We don't have enough. He
said, 'These people are going to hell
all around us. Asia, they're going to
hell. A lot of Asia is going to hell. A
lot of the Middle East is
going to hell. The body of Christ
in
the Western culture is like, 'We got to
get out of here.'But he's like,
'Brandon, if I come back right now as it
is without this harvest, without the
healing demonstrations of manifestation,
it makes me look weak.
It makes it look like God is retreating.
Don't you see? They're all having
a hard time, so we got to get out of
here. But all these people are going to
hell.'Do
you know he died for—he would have died
for just one of us. He would have died
for you. He would have died for Diana,
me, whoever, if it was just for one,
because that's how much he loved us. He
said he gave his life that
none should perish but all come to
repentance. He didn't want any of us to
go to hell. So, how much if he sees
tens of millions
that he died for, from young to old, and
he's up there going, "You know what? I
have a couple of remnant people that are
ready and the rapture is ready for today,
and I know they're really good, but if
he comes back right now, he'll take
a
couple hundred million of us."But he's
like, "But there's so much harvest down
there.
There's so much harvest down there. The
harvest is plentiful and the laborers are
few. And if my kids would just do what
they're called to do and have a backbone
like a crowbar and go out and tell the
people that I'm coming, I'd get all this
extra harvest.
I'm not in a hurry. Are you, Father? You
ain't in a hurry.
Why? Because what's the most valuable
thing to the Father?
A man's soul, a man's heart. Not about
anything."You
know, it's like Diana's
been listening to Kathryn
Kuhlman
and just been munching on all her old
tapes and all her old stuff, and tell
them what she said about the
souls.
Yeah, she was talking about how
people ask for so much, but she said the
Holy Ghost is not just there for us to
get giggles and just feel good.
It's not. He's there
for service. So, it was a
phenomenal sermon that I
listened to of hers, and she was talking
about how the biggest thing we could do
is just allow him to change us into his
transforming light and to go out—it's not
just coming behind a camera or going
on a platform and preaching a big
sermon. It's who you are when you
go into the store. It's who you are
whenever you go to work every day. It's
being him, letting him shine through you
and be a light to others.
And your life will draw them in, and you
will
be the net that brings them in.
But what she was talking
about is that so many people want to
just lie around and get the Holy
Ghost shakes. But she said everything
the Father does with the anointing is
for setting in service and setting the
people free.
I checked myself
because the Lord told me—I said, "Lord,
where's the anointing for healing on my
life? Where is this at?"And I was in the
shower and I was just asking. I said,
"Lord, where are you at?"He goes,
"Well, what are you going to do with
it?
I don't have a problem anointing you,
but it's not there just
to feel good,
to play with. You're not
going to play with this. This is for
service. This is for work. It's a tool
for working. It's not for you to go
around touching people and they fall out
and shake just
so you draw attention to
yourself. This is to attract, to
deflect, to get souls saved.
The anointing is for
service."And
people play with it, and they think,
"Well, this is a game."No, it's not a
game. This is a tool, like a hammer is to
a carpenter, or a tractor to a
farmer. You don't play with it.
It's for service. It's to bring in
the harvest.
And I was thinking about
what he—as he's instructing me, you
know, I said, "Well, let's do it.
I'll help you. Let's go out and get the
people. Bring the fire. Bring in the
Holy Ghost fire on my life. I need the
tangible presence for the service of you
to bring in this last harvest."But I'm
not doing these videos just to do them.
I want to equip my people to
say, "Listen, you have what it takes.
You have what it takes to talk to your
neighbor. You have what it takes to lay
hands on the sick and see them recover,
and your household.
It's not meant for any of us to
get devoured by the devil. It's
for us to take our dominion and
authority and say, 'Enough's
enough.'"It's
like we were having some things go on, and
Diana
said, "You know what? Enough's
enough.
We're not going to get bullied by the
enemy or his minions.
We have angels on assignment."They have
angels and assistance—aid and assistance,
aid and assistance from angels,
angelic aid and assistance. Yeah,
he equips and he protects those
he loves.
And we're not going to get bullied by
the devil.
And
some people think,
"Well, I can't do that because I don't
have a YouTube channel. I can't be a
good witness because I don't have the
platform for it."But there's a lot of
people out there that won't even look
online. There's people that won't ever
go on a YouTube channel.
And
those are the far
corners that need to be reached. So let
your life be an example and shine your
light brightly wherever you go. Whenever
you think no one's watching,
whether you're in the car, driving your
car, just smiling away, and people go,
"Wow, what is it that he or she has?
I want that."Be the light. Don't
be like the world. Let's shine our light
brightly and then bring them in by just
being an example, not blending in with
the darkness, being the light,
just like the scripture says, "Let your
light shine brightly before
all men."Yes,
before all men.
And it's time for us to be that
salt.
Yes. I
just—you
know, I don't know, I
tell y'all, I'm just real.
Diana
and I are just real. We have our
stuff we go through, and
we don't come on here and talk
about our trials, but every one
of us has stuff we're going through, and
every one of us has stuff we're
believing for—every single one of us.
And there's not one anybody greater.
It's how you spend time
with him.
How you decide to take
part of your day and spend it at the
foot of Jesus.
He'll anoint and appoint those that
spend time with him and say, "Hey, here
am I, send me, Lord."But he's not going to
send somebody that is not saturated
with him.
It's out of the overflow. Yes,
it's out of the overflow. That's why he
talks to me all the time. "Do not talk
out of your reserves. You commit
spiritual treachery. It's treachery
against your spirit. Do not minister out
of your reserves. Minister out of the
overflow. You must be filled
with the Holy Spirit."You know, I was
listening about brother
Wigglesworth and some of the great—how
many
controversial statements
they made and how they operated in the
gifts of the Spirit. They would do
things and you'd go, "Wow."I mean, most
churches nowadays, if they had Smith
Wigglesworth,
if he was alive today, they
would kick him right out of the
front door because
of
how controversial and
how bold he was in how he ministered,
because he's not
seeker-friendly.
"Well, you know, brother, you've got to have
more grace. You've got to do all—"No, no,
no. He was just boom. But he walked in
signs and wonders. I don't remember how
many people they said he raised from the
dead—creative
miracles, demonstrations,
and manifestation of glory. And I
thought, "Lord, what is it going to
take?"We're
all believing for this last
outpouring, whatever we're
looking for. And I'm telling you, we're
coming to a point in time—we're at
a
point, and I believe it's when we go
into the fall, we're going to
see an uptick of miracles, the first
dominoes. We're already seeing first the
blade, then the ear, then the corn. But
he started going over telling me about
people that are going to start to visit
hell,
and it's going to happen a lot, and
they're going to come back to testify of
what they saw in hell as a sign,
a warning, a last warning. You're going
to start to—I need you to hear me.
There'll be a lot more of these in the
days ahead. Not just saying, "I saw
heaven,"but
they saw
hell—hell
visitations,
where
they saw glimpses of hell and they
come back to tell you what they saw. And
there'll be many testimonies in the days
ahead,
not like Gabe's testimony saying
he saw heaven, but people saying, "I
went to hell and I saw this person or I
saw this, and these people are burning
and what they're going
through."We've
heard about the other side of heaven.
We've heard about it. And the Lord is
telling me, he said, "Brandon,
there's going to be
a wave, not of people warning about
heaven, but warning about hell.
And they're going to be specific, very
accurate descriptions, of course, but
they're going to be very similar.
It's not like ran over here, rogue, all
these weird things."They're going to be
similar, and
they're going to
be warnings. I'm telling you, you're
running out of time. And there's going
to be signs of things that will shake
the world in the days ahead with
earthquakes in diverse places, signs in
the heavens. Oral
Roberts—because
Sister Billye said, "Do you remember?"She said, "Brandon, do you remember
Oral Roberts'wakeup call
that he talked about in
2003?"I
said, "Yeah, it's over 20
years ago,
but I still have that echoing inside of
me that there's a major sign about to happen,"that
Oral Roberts—what
was the
major thing that Oral Roberts said he saw?
He said the Lord spoke to him
and said, "There's no urgency with my
church telling my people
of the second coming of the Lord Jesus
Christ. There's no urgency. There must be
urgency in the pulpits."He said, "There
must be an urgency with my bride telling
them that I'm coming. There
must be urgency,"Oral Roberts said, "and there
will be a sign in the heavens."And the
way he said it, and he was shaking, and he
saw the sign, and he said,
"What is this?"He said, "It's a
sign to tell everybody that the Lord
Jesus Christ is
coming."I
believe we're about to see that sign.
I believe people thought, "Well, that's
COVID."No,
it's not
COVID.
No, this is a major sign that's about to
take place, and every eye will see it.
Every ear will hear it. It was loud. It
was deafening. It was all these things.
And Sister Billye and I were talking
about it, and I thought, "We haven't seen
that yet."20 years later, I'm telling
you, it's time to wake up.
Major signs we'll see that will bring
you to your knees. Fearful sights, false
alien invasions, demonic spirits trying
to deceive many.
So, if you're here today and you say,
"Brandon, I hear everything you're
saying,"Altar
call.
But you've never accepted Jesus Christ
as your Lord and personal Savior.
You're here
not by coincidence, but you're here
because you feel that tug when
you pass by the thumbnail. You have that
tug. You say, "There's
something."I
feel... The Bible says that no man comes to
the Father unless He is drawing him. And
today, I believe you're being drawn to
the Father. I believe that today you
have that tug on your heart. You don't
even know really why you're here, but
you just have an inward knowing that you
are not right with the Lord.
And if
you died tonight, where will you spend
eternity?
If you were to die today on the way to
work or coming home, or you didn't wake
up from your sleep, where would you
spend eternity? There's a heaven to gain
and a hell to shun.
It's time for you to make a choice.
Today is the day of salvation. Today's
the day of repentance. Today is the day
to turn from your past. Today is the day
to run to Jesus with your arms wide open
and say, "Father, I need a
Savior."The
Bible says it's appointed unto man
once to die, and after that the judgment.
Every single one of us at some point in
time in our life, if the Lord
tarries,
will have that opportunity to either
stand before the Father and hear Him say,
"Welcome in,"or for Him to say, "I never
knew you. Depart from me, I never knew
you."Every
single one of us will have that
opportunity.
What will He say about you?
Will He say, "Depart from me. I never
knew you,"or will He say, "Welcome
home, thy good and faithful servant.
Enter into my rest"?
That's a question you need to ask
yourself right now. It's a good time to
soul search.
Examine yourself right now as the Holy
Spirit's tugging at you.
I want you to make a decision today.
"Well, I'll do it later on. I don't
have to do it today. I'll have time."No man
is promised
tomorrow. The very
shoes you put on today to go to work,
the undertaker might be taking them off
that night.
You don't know if you're going to have
tomorrow.
But today is the day of salvation.
And I want you to say this prayer with
me because Jesus
died for you publicly. Now, you
confess Jesus publicly in the comment
section down below. I want you to put in
the comment section right now, "I want to
be
saved."If
you don't know Jesus Christ as your
Lord and personal Savior, or you're
backslidden,
you say, "Brandon, I used to
know Him. I used to serve Him. I used to
be a Christian when I was young. I
went to church with my grandma or my mom
or my dad or whatever. I went to
church. I went to youth group. But I
have fallen away.
I'm out partying. I don't know the
Lord anymore. I don't even know if He
knows me."But today, I would like to
come back to Jesus Christ. Today, I want
to be sold out again. Today, I want to
renew my relationship with Him.
If that's you right now, I want you to
publicly say it. Say, "I need to
rededicate my heart to Jesus today. I'm
coming home. I don't want to live
this way
anymore."But
all I know is that it's appointed
unto man once to die, and
after that the judgment. To be
absent from the body is to be present
with the Lord, or present in hell. It's
your choice. "Well, I don't believe
that."Well,
that doesn't change it.
That doesn't change it. The Bible stands
firm.
Are you willing to take that risk? "Well,
I'm an atheist. Well, I'm an
agnostic."Are
you willing to take that gamble?
You could be wrong. If you're wrong,
you're in trouble. If I'm wrong, I've
lived a good life and I've lived a clean
life, if there's no heaven or hell or
nothing. But I'm saying it's not
something to gamble with. Are you
willing to take that gamble?
That's pretty ignorant.
But I'm going to tell you this. There is
a heaven. There is a hell.
And there is a Savior, and there is
a Jesus that loves you. And He
has His arms wide open for you right
now. And I just want you to repeat this
prayer with me. As I repeat this prayer,
I believe as you confess your sins, He
is faithful and just to forgive you of
your sins and cleanse you from all
unrighteousness.
So, I'm going to say this prayer with
you, and I want you to say it, and
say it with your whole heart.
The Bible says with the heart, confession
is
made unto salvation.
So, let's say it right now together.
Say, "Jesus,
I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me, and you rose
again on the third day.
I need a Savior.
I'm a sinner.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's
Book of Life today.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins. I
ask you to cleanse me from all of the
unrighteous things that I've done.
I need you, Jesus.
From this day forward, I turn my back on
the devil. I turn my back on the world.
And from this day forward, I will serve
you with my whole heart.
I thank you, Lord, that I'm now
forgiven.
I thank you, Lord, that I am now
your son or daughter.
I thank you, Lord, that you love me
enough that you would forgive me even
when I didn't deserve it."That's what
grace is:
something you can't earn and something
you don't deserve.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in
victory.
Say it: "I receive you now as my Lord and
personal Savior.
Thank you, Lord. I'm coming home.
I'll be yours from this day forward.
Thank you, Lord. Amen and
amen."It's
so simple. We make it hard. We make
it all religious, but it's just a simple
prayer: "with the heart, confession is made
unto salvation."And today you said that
with your heart, and you believed it,
and you said it with your whole heart,
with your mouth, and I believe that
today you're born again. I believe that
today you're set free from your past.
Behold, I make all things new.
So, it's as far as the east is from the
west. It don't ever touch. But I'm gonna
tell you this. You may fall down and
skin your knee again, but you stand up.
When you confess your sins is not when
the Lord found out about it. It's when
you got rid of it. The moment you mess
up ever again, you run to God when you
sinned. You don't run away from him. You
say, "Father, I need you. I messed up
again. I skin my knee. Lord, help me.
Help me."And he's an ever-present help in a
time of need. The Lord says in his word
that he is a
forgiver of those that confess their
sins. He is a God that loves you
and he has a place for you. Right now
the angels are rejoicing.
They are excited. They're
having a big old party because you just
gave your heart to Jesus.
Welcome to the family. Now what
do you do with this Christian life? How
do you go about being a Christian? You
find you a Bible. You read your Bible
every single day. You pray every single
day. You get water-baptized. You go to a
non-denominational church—is what I'd
go to—and find a non-denominational
church and say, "I need to be water
baptized. I just got born again on
YouTube and I want to get water
baptized."Get
water baptized. Go and
volunteer at that church. Get plugged in
there. Take classes if they've got
classes. Do all that you can do to get
this Christian life stirred up so
you realize the decision you've made.
Get excited about what you've done
because, as you grow
and
become more in the Word and you read
this Bible, it will change you from the
inside out. Now, you say, "Well,
Brandon, I can't afford a Bible.
I'm making it from
paycheck to paycheck. I don't have
enough money even to buy food
tomorrow."Well,
guess what? Diana and I would love
to buy you a Bible, your first Bible to
rejoice with you in the decision you've
made to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord
and personal Savior. We want to buy you
a Bible today. So, tell them,
baby.
Yes. So if you just go down to the
description, our email is there and
when you send the email, just put in
the title saying "I can't afford a
Bible"and
then put your address and if you have a
preference, because you need to make sure
that you understand what you're reading.
So, if you look online and you see that
you understand the Amplified better, or
the
New Living Translation, or NIV, or
the New King James—those are the ones
that we send out and if you just put in
there which one you prefer, otherwise we
just send out the New King James
version. We'll never contact you again.
The address is only to be used so we can
send it to you through Amazon. Other
than that,
we just want to rejoice with you.
Yes. You've just made the greatest
decision you could ever make,
accepting
Jesus Christ today.
Praise God. We rejoice with you. Now, if
you could comment down below and say, "I
just gave my heart to Jesus Christ
today. I'm saved."We want to rejoice
with you. We want to be able to
celebrate with you. And the family down
there wants to celebrate with you also,
saying, "Thank God that you're born
again. Thank God that you're no longer
going to hell. Thank God that you have a
new beginning. Today is a clean new
start.
Behold, I make all things new.
Hallelujah. Isn't that wonderful?
It's so
exciting. Glory to God. You're no
longer going to hell. Isn't that
amazing? I mean, just to think a little
prayer like that, you said it by faith
and all your sins are washed away. And
behold, he's made everything new. And he
has a plan for your life.
Beloved, I wish above all things that
you prosper and be in health even as
your soul prospers. Isn't that amazing?
We rejoice. And again I say, rejoice.
Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. We pray
over Zelensky meeting today. We're
going to pray over the Monica
Lewinsky-type
scandal that has the opportunity to
take President Trump. Now, it's like I
talked to another prophetic man and
he said, "Isn't it amazing that if
the devil couldn't take him out by a
bullet, he'll try to take him out by a
sexual scandal
like he did?"We know how many times
President Trump has had an issue with
women.
We know. So, he doesn't have new tricks.
The devil throws the same thing that
worked before. He'll try to throw it at
you again. And he's off there going,
"That number worked, if you remember clear
back 20 years ago with X and Y, you
know."So
you go, "If that'll work,
then we'll put another beautiful girl
across his path, cause a little rift in
his marriage maybe, I don't know, and
we'll sucker punch him
again."Same
old devil, same old tricks. But not
only this time, he's the president,
and if he does something like that,
it embarrasses the country and
it
embarrasses him. So we pray that
whenever you've got all
these big decisions, you've got all this
pressure... I told you witchcraft against
his heart, his arteries, his mind.
There's so many things that are coming
against him. And then you throw another
curveball at him with a blonde,
whoever.
We must pray for him to keep strong.
He has to finish the race that God has
for him uninterrupted and unhindered by
any satanic or demonic force. Folks, I'm
telling you, the Lord is using this man
for the end-time church, bringing forth...
we're so close to
something major happening.
And it would be a shame if we did not
stand in the gap, praying for him that he
would not fall morally behind the Oval
Office doors. That would be a very
disgraceful thing.
So we pray that he would be strong and
he would flee sin like Joseph did,
even if his robes off, and say, "I refuse
to mess up the platform God has given me
for such a time as this, even for a woman,
no matter how beautiful she is or how
ugly, whatever, it don't matter. I'm
running and I'm fleeing from what the
devil has thrown at me."And he has a
beautiful wife,
and we just ask God for a refining of
that marriage, those vows—that you said
what you said and that you're going to
stand by it even if the season could be
rocky
because the Lord showed me
they're going through some things. And
so we pray for a refreshing over their
marriage. That's our job. We pray for
our leaders,
especially when they're in high-profile
positions with a lot of demonic activity
coming against them.
If you can't take your kids out, if you
can't take this, he'll send a
harlot.
And it could be a pretty harlot, you
know, a girl that says, "I
love Jesus."Or not, who knows?
Pastors, preachers, they don't
fall overnight. It starts with a crack
and it's a gradual thing
and the next thing you know, they
didn't jump in bed with them the next
day and say, "Oh, how did I get
here?"It
started with a flirtatious look. It
started with something.
Her lips are beautiful and perfect.
It starts someplace. Do you understand?
The lips, boy, just like a machine gun,
starts with a crack
and the next thing you know we have a
Marilyn Monroe.
Do you understand? So we pray for those
people that are involved that God would
remain a strength to him because he
needs it now more than ever.
So let's pray for you today before we
close. We don't want to keep you too
long, but we're excited you're here, and
we're so thankful for every single one
of you that come and partake in
our videos. Thank you for being a part
of our family. We pray these videos
uplift you and get you stirred up and
excited about what God is about to do in
these last days.
I know you're not hearing it a lot in
your churches, but we hear about it. And you
come here because we know the signs of
the times and the urgency of the hour.
And Diana and I are here as
watchmen to tell you with all our heart
that Jesus Christ is coming and you're
running out of time. That's our main
focus is to lead people to Jesus. This
way, this way. Get on the boat quickly.
Get on the boat. The ark doors are
closing. You got to get on the boat. And
are you going, 'You know what? I
don't know. I've never heard of rain
before.'Get
on the boat. The rain's
coming. 'We've never heard of
it.'It's
coming. It's closing. The time's
closing. Get on the boat. Get on the
boat. And you're going, 'What is this
guy yelling about?'I'm trying to tell
you to get on the boat.
Jesus Christ is coming. 'Well, we've
heard that before, brother.'No, no,
no. Do you not sense the signs of the
times and where we are? Father, I thank
you, Lord. Dian and I, we lift up
these
families here today.
We thank you, Lord, that you've called
us to the kingdom for such a time as
this. We lift up every single one of
them today. We thank you, Lord, that
you're the healer. You're the deliverer.
You are the God in whom we trust.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you
know our future more than we
know our past. You know exactly what we
need before we even need it. And Lord,
you said in your word that you would
supply all our needs according to your
riches and glory by Christ Jesus. So I
call them blessed today in the name of
Jesus. That when they sow seed, Father,
they reap back 30, 60, and 100-fold. I
thank you, Father, that everything they
put their hands to would prosper in the
name of Jesus. Father, I thank you,
Lord, right now. We thank you that every
unsaved person that has
their family out there that
is
not born again. We thank you,
Lord, that they're born again right now
in the name of Jesus. We call them in
from the north, the south, the east, the
west, laborers to come across their path.
We thank you, Lord, right now that
Satan, your hand is coming off
of them. Father, the Bible says that
Satan has blinded the eyes of the
unbelievers. And we call the
unbelievers
believers in
Jesus'name.
They'll not be unbelievers anymore,
but they will be believing believers.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that their eyes
are flooded with light today. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that healings and
demonstrations and manifestations of the
glory follows those that believe. For
you said, signs will follow them that
believe. And we're believing that,
Father, the signs will follow us. That
we're not people in the last days going,
'Well, there's no power.'But, Father,
we have power that's from on high that's
filling us from glory to glory. I thank
you, Father, that right now, today,
Father, there's no compromise in these
people's lives. That, Father, they're
shaking off the old garments. They're
shaking off the old stuff, and they're
saying, 'I'm all in for Jesus
today.'I
thank you, Father, that you're stirring
them from the top of their head to the
soles of their feet. That you're
visiting them in the midnight hour.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the word
becomes alive to them. That when they
read their Bible and they pray, Father,
they're not just reading pages
in a book, but they're reading the
living word of God. And it's coming life
into them for it is coming light into
their
path, a light into their mind. And
Father, they'll hide that word in their
heart that they might not sin against
you.
I thank you, Father, for a refreshing on
the believers today. Father, that you
restore what the cankerworm ate. That
everything they put their hands to would
prosper. That Father, they're
successful. And that, Father, you
give them a perfect plan for their life,
that it is
divinely orchestrated. And Father,
the
steps of the righteous are ordered
of the Lord.
I thank you, Father, that this is the
time for the kingdom of God to rise up
and we take dominion and authority
and we take our rightful place in this
end-time
army. And we thank you,
Father, that you're
anointing us and appointing us for such
a time as this. We call healings and
wholeness and wellness over our bodies
today. And we give you all the glory,
honor, and praise, Father, for
restoration and demonstrations of the
manifestations of the glory. Lord, we
thank you.
We have expectation. We're not just
weak,
anemic Christians, but Father, we
are excited and we're looking
up because we know our redemption
draws nigh.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord, that
we're seeing what we're praying and
we're seeing it in the news.
Father, I pray over Zelensky's meeting
tomorrow with Trump that Father,
whatever happens with Europe and all
this, Father, there would be a
de-escalation
of this war. Father, too
many people are dying.
And Father, I call a de-escalation of
war in Jesus'name. And that, Father,
we'd have a season of peace.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we stand as
watchmen
on the wall,
to
stand in the gap, Father, that Trump
would have the wisdom to say what he
needs to say,
that all hidden things be revealed,
that Zelensky will not act like a little
brat like I think he will tomorrow.
But, Father, there'll be peace in the
name of Jesus.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that cool
heads will prevail.
As they go about their day tomorrow in
the meetings they do of Europe and all
this, cool heads will prevail.
I just saw something.
I thank you that that will not come to
pass.
I see a storm.
I see a storm to the east.
I see a storm to the east again.
All over Europe, I see purple. I see the
thunder and the lightning, but I see an
opportunity to diffuse this.
I see the beautiful sun on this side
of it. I see beautiful rays of light on
this side of it. But towards the east, I
see a great storm.
I see the storm
concerning these plans that are
about to happen tomorrow.
I'm looking outside of the White House
and I see a thunderstorm.
I see Zelensky's face
and he is not happy with the decisions.
He's like he
has an anger issue. It's like he's
throwing a fit right now. I see him
throwing a fit
and I see the European leaders
throwing a fit.
If they do not take this deal, I see the
war escalating very rapidly.
It's so clear. This vision is so clear,
baby.
I see it so clear.
It's so clear. There's no fog to it at
all. Ladies and gentlemen, I see
the fall leaves.
I see fall leaves. I see the changing of
the seasons.
I see October highlighted. I see September. I see
Macron.
I see the prime
minister of France.
He's in the background.
We call cool heads to prevail. We call
deflating of this in Jesus'name. We call
Zelensky
to be removed and to have
another government brought in in
Jesus'name.
If he don't want peace, then bring
somebody in that does.
He's arrogant. Arrogant man.
I see it on him. Just like that.
Arrogant, arrogant man. You say, 'Well,
he's not.'Listen, this thing escalated
when it shouldn't have.
It has the potential to get even worse
going into Tuesday.
Going
into
Tuesday,
I see Putin right now and I see
Kim
waiting for the decisions. Do you hear
me?
They're all waiting. It's like
this hurry up and wait. Hurry up and
wait.
The offer that they give him back is
insulting.
It's like this back and
forth when they come back with their
response to what he wanted, it's
insulting.
So, Father, I ask you, Father, that
they would not do this. Father, I
thank you cool heads will prevail in
tomorrow's meetings.
It's a spirit of war. It's a spirit of
Antichrist.
And this is not even the
beginning. It's not even the
one concerning Israel and all that's
going on over there.
Two different fronts, two different
scenarios.
Okay, I'm seeing. Do you remember what I
told you about the corruption in
finances with the 24 billion that just
come up before me very strong?
Corruption in the finances concerning
Ukraine
and there's more to lose if they
de-escalate
this war.
There's money laundering.
There's more to lose if they
de-escalate this war.
I see corrupt money.
Corrupt money concerning Zelensky and
the government there.
It's like a money laundering
scheme with these leaders. Do you
understand?
It's bigger than what people realize.
The war machine is a money laundering
machine.
Fraud.
Big fraud.
They want this thing to keep going
and escalate
because it's a money thing. It's fraud.
There's big fraud here.
I see banks. I see dollars. I see
Zelensky
in the middle of it all.
It's almost like a drug
dealer.
The way I see it is like a drug dealer.
It's the funneling,
and there's child trafficking involved
in this.
I see little girls with blonde hair. I
see little girls with black hair. I
see children involved in this. Where are
the children
trafficking in Europe?
I see little girls.
Where are the children?
Great perversion.
This has been going on for years.
As the parents and these people are dead
from
war, where are the children?
You hear what I'm telling you? I see
little children. They're all around
the age of 10 and younger. There
are
boys and girls involved in this.
My goodness, Lord, the things you show
me.
There's so much corruption in these
people.
I took communion earlier today. Just
for
anybody who wants to know, who said, "Have you
taken communion today?"Yes, I've already
taken communion over my visions and my
eyes.
The
Lord said, "Address that."I said, "Yes.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the
body."I'll
do it even for this side of the
camera, but Father, I thank you, Lord, for
the body and for the blood. And we take
the body, and we take the blood. And we
thank you, Lord, that everything you show
me today is covered in the blood, and
it's covered in the body. We already
took communion earlier today, Diana and
I, but we believe. We believe, Father,
that everything you show me is clear and
crystal and uninterrupted and unhindered
by any satanic or demonic force. And we
take this body right now in
Jesus'name.
We thank you, Lord. You're a healer. And
I plead the blood of Jesus as I'm
looking over, Father. And I thank you
for the blood. And I plead the blood
over my eyes. I plead the blood over my
mind and over my body and over me right
now in Jesus'name. And we thank you,
Father.
Ain't that funny? The Lord said, "You
must do that for the people.
There is a lot. This
is really, really dark. Diana,
a diffusing of ego, a diffusing of
things in Jesus'name. We apply the
blood.
We apply the
blood."I
see the darkness. I see the
storm.
It is so beyond dark. It's almost like a
night sky. That's how dark this storm
is. And there's light on at the same
time.
I see light and I see dark at the same
I said the Lord just keeps talking about
this money laundering.
We're not talking about just a little
bit, a couple million dollars here,
folks. We're talking billions.
You say, "Where's all the money we sent?
Where did it
go?"It's
almost like
these leaders are
high-stakes
drug dealers.
That's the only way you can say it.
But it's with trafficking and money
laundering, and they're putting the
money in, and they're doing bad things
with the money.
There's no accountability for the money.
The people and the taxpayers are played
like fools
in
all nations. This is Europe. This is
all of it.
So many evil politicians just doing what
they want.
But the day of judgment is coming.
The day of judgment is coming. They
are
touching the little children. The day of
judgment is coming.
These kids are being funneled all
throughout Europe.
They're being funneled throughout Europe,
and they're being funneled through the
Middle East.
Lord, I kept hearing him say, "Where are
all the little
children?"Similar
to what was coming up through
the southern border
by the tens of thousands. Where
did
those kids
go? Remember, I saw they were going
up that highway by California, and they
were going over to the
Middle East,
over to Asia.
Dark places.
Dark trafficking for these sick men
into America, for trafficking
kids in America,
sick men
and women. The Lord said, "And
women."He
said it's not just men. The Lord just
said that. The Lord just said, "Brandon,
it's not just men,
it's women,
too."Thank
you, Father, that you protect the
children.
Thank you, Father, that you protect the
children and you expose the darkness. They are
the Epsteins all around the world. The
Epsteins
all around the world. You expose
the darkness. And as these people
participate in this darkness, they fall
over dead. Lord, the judgment will come
on them in an instant.
They touch the children, Father. And I
ask for instantaneous judgment on these
men and women that are touching these
kids.
The Lord said, "Remember the virus that
I told you was coming to Canada.
This new sexually transmitted disease
that they would actually go
eunuch,
that their parts would fall off because
of the infection.
This is still coming."The Lord said,
"Do not forget this virus. It is a new
sexually transmitted virus that will
actually cause such a bad infection on
their groin that it will be so infected
that they have to become
eunuchs.
They'll amputate it because of how bad
this new infection is coming because
they're messing with these
kids."There's
a new disease coming,
and it's about to get big legs.
It's going to grow, and it's coming.
They're touching the little kids. And
I'm telling you, I've seen it
right then. The Lord said, "Do not
forget the virus that I warned you about
that will touch Canada
and it will spread."And I saw it going
into New York, into Boston, all these
areas. It will start to spread through
Toronto.
The Lord reminded me of it; I had forgotten
about it.
But this thing will start to spread, and
it will be very, very painful to
these people. A venereal disease.
The Lord says it's a new type of
venereal
disease that you've never seen
before.
It's a mutated virus that is
very painful, and it's disgusting with
pus and everything. It's disgusting. I'm
telling you, it's coming.
Yeah, it's coming. If it's not
already here. I'm telling you,
this is disgusting.
You're going to start to hear about it
in the news. You're going to start to
hear about this new venereal disease in
the news, and I've seen
on ABC, CBS, NBC, they're going to talk
about this, and it will be one that
will have... Do you know like when you see
like COVID and it got different
strains
and it mutated?
This will mutate, and there will be no cure
for it, and it will cost people their
lives.
Worse than AIDS. A painful, painful
virus,
but it will be afflicted on the inside
and outside like herpes, but worse.
Disgusting. I see yellow
sores.
That is foul.
And it will spread all the way up to
their stomach. It will go up into their
stomach.
Women and men.
Nasty. Nasty. Stinky. It's foul what
I'm seeing.
A
very painful death.
I'm telling you, we're in the end of the
end here, folks. We're in the end of the
end here. And I'm seeing this stuff.
And it's from
bestiality,
different forms. I'm telling you, it's
spreading through things that are
disgusting.
Sexual acts that are disgusting. And I'm
sorry if you have children listening to
this, but I'm telling you what I'm
seeing. Sick practices are going to
start to come to light that are
going to bring forth the new virus.
God's done. The cup of sin is full.
There's no more grace. Seedtime and
harvest is going to start to accelerate
beyond your wildest thinking.
You're going to see the sower and
the reaper go hand in hand. And you're
going to see people go home that you
never thought you'd see go home.
Hollywood stars will start to go from
disgusting things. Watch what happens.
You think these people, like they had in
these oil parties and all this?
I'm telling you, major things will start
to take place with judgments
on this messing with little kids.
I say that in the name of
Jesus. No more touching these children.
No more touching the children. The
judgment has been set, and it has been set
in stone. They're not touching the kids.
And I'm telling you, the ones that do,
they're in big trouble. There's a line
being drawn in the sand concerning this,
and it is done. God's wrath is about to
pour out on this, messing with these
little kids.
I'm telling you, He's angry about it.
You're touching the children. You
shouldn't be touching these little
girls. You should not be touching them.
In the middle of the act—dead right
there. Just falling over dead. Heart
attacks, strokes. There
is
no more grace. Again,
I'm talking about falling over dead in
the middle of the act,
just straight to hell.
And you'll hear of people that you never
dreamed you'd hear of—Hollywood and
sports figures. They'll be like, 'What?
What happened?'And it's European
sports.
The cup of sin is full.
I see European soccer players,
the football players in Europe,
falling over dead—sick men with money.
I don't know why, I just saw a soccer
ball and I saw soccer players. This is
concerning. I've seen soccer players
falling over
dead—famous
ones.
Just going home—not going home, dying right there,
going to hell.
The cup of sin is full concerning
sexual... And these are young
girls below the age of 18.
This is like foul parties, sick
parties.
And I'm telling you, judgment is coming.
Famous people just dying.
Lord, this needs to happen
today.
These people... the cup of sin is full,
folks. And I'm telling you, what
I'm seeing is foul. I plead the blood
over even me. It's gross. And
I'm telling you, judgment's
coming.
These little kids...
I'm thankful for the
little kids. Judgment's coming.
They don't need to be raised up in that.
As a father, it's
detestable.
Father, I thank you.
I thank you for the children, Father,
that you protect them,
that
you protect their innocence. Father, we
thank you, Lord, that the unclean hand
will not touch them.
Thank you, Father.
Oh, Father,
we praise you. The unclean hand
will not touch them.
Glory to God.
It's the I-35 corridor.
An exposing of trafficking on the I-35
corridor is coming in a major way.
And in America, the I-35 corridor... I just
heard the Spirit of the Lord say the I-35
corridor. Trafficking of truckers
is about to be exposed.
Many children
on I-35 of Oklahoma City, going up
Dallas-Fort
Worth, all the way up through Kansas.
And I-35 exposing is coming, and you'll
see it on the news. Many kids will be
rescued in the days ahead. The Lord just
said, 'Because of the prayers of you right
now, many kids will be rescued in the
days ahead.'I heard what He just said.
He said, 'You're going to hear it on the
news, son, what you're doing in praying
right now as a family.'We're calling
this out. You're praying
beside me. I see an exposing of darkness
on I-35 in America, with great
exposing of trafficking being
covered.
Hallelujah, we receive it, Lord. It'll
be in the news. The Lord said it will be
in the news. An exposing of dark things
of truckers. I see trucks. I see
semi-trucks.
I see trafficking of
children,
and it's in hotels.
Trafficking of children in hotels
on I-35.
These are truckers.
Darkness.
And I'm telling you, the Lord said,
'Because of the prayers of the
saints right now, because of you all,
you're uncovering things. You're
bringing it to light in the spirit realm
as we intercede for this.'An exposing
of darkness is rising up right now in
the name of Jesus. And I prophesy, I
decree this in the name of Jesus: all
hidden things be revealed, and the sons
and the daughters are coming home in
Jesus'name.
This
operation of the church body
coming and bringing them out in the name
of Jesus. I see churches
right now, with some churches
bringing these kids out.
Sting
operations—major
sting operations will take place
in the days ahead.
And this is concerning in Miami.
Listen: Fort Lauderdale,
Tampa,
Denver,
Kansas City,
St. Louis, Missouri,
Chicago,
Illinois—and
they're trafficking them. We call
an exposing. We call an exposing in LA,
Seattle, Portland,
Las Vegas, Nevada,
New Orleans, Louisiana,
Arkansas, Little Rock.
These are the cities that are flashing
before me.
The
Lord said, 'Pray, saints, pray.'We call
to
pray like if it was your child. Pray.
You call it down, this stronghold. We
call this stronghold down in the name of
Jesus, off of our children, calling it
down in Jesus'name. Demonic stronghold
be broken off of this nation and around
the world. We call an exposing of these
dark times concerning our children.
We call them in. We call the children in, in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we
call
for
the
breaking of their bondage, the
breaking of this off of their lives. We
call all the pain that
these young girls
who
are servicing
these people experience—all the scars from
the inward hurt and all the pain.
Father, I even pray over their minds
right now in the name of Jesus. They're
more than this. They're going to be
restored by the Holy Ghost. The only one
that can fix this mess is you, Holy
Ghost. The only one that can fix
this mess is you, Father.
Oh, God,
the only one that can fix this is you,
God.
Oh, Father,
the only one that can do this is you,
Lord.
We call an exposing to the darkness and
a judgment on the ones who are doing
it. We call judgment on the ones
who
are doing it,
with child pornography all the way
down. We call judgment on the ones
who
are doing this.
Father, they would fall over dead right
now. It's terrible what they're doing.
I call judgment
over this right now in
Jesus'name.
Touch not these little children.
Touch not these children,
in
Jesus'name.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for our FBI,
for our sheriffs'departments, for
our local police departments. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that you're raising
them up, and they have eyes like eagles.
They would see where they're hiding, and
they would go in there and
expose the cockroaches that they are.
I thank you, Father, that they're going
in there right now in the name of Jesus,
and they're taking the sheets off and
saying, 'You're going to
jail.'I
mean, seriously,
just going in there, radical. They'll
know exactly where they're hiding,
they'll know exactly where they are, and
they'll uncover it all in
Jesus'name.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
It's time.
It's time, Father. It's time for this to
stop. Thank you, Father, for all the
abortion clinics that are closing, that
Planned Parenthood is closing all
around this nation. I think they said
forty-some
clinics have closed. I thank you,
Lord, that they're closing all around
this nation in the name of Jesus.
They're boarding up and
closing
shop right now. I thank you, Lord, that
abortion is stopping in the name of
Jesus, Father, that the innocent life
will have a chance to live.
We thank you, Lord, that the innocent life
will have a chance to live in
Jesus'name.
We thank you, Lord, that mothers will
have a better outlook and say, 'Hey, I
want this baby.'And that they will, if
they don't want to raise it, they'll
give it up for adoption because there's
a lot of people that want it,
Father, that will go to a God-fearing
home.
Somebody's believing for a baby,
Father, that life is precious. And
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the
parents that can't have a child, that
they would adopt a child. And Father,
they would not have issues and all the
red
tape and it costs so much money to be
able to do something. Father, they would
make it cheaper for the parents that
just want a baby to raise a child, that
it
would be cheaper, and they would have
financial blessing to be able to afford
it.
I thank you, Father, that you would
raise up the finances to have this done,
for a mommy and a daddy to be able to
raise a child up, to afford one, to afford to
have one. You would provide a way, Lord.
You provide a way for these beautiful
children.
Father, we give you all the glory,
honor, and praise.
May
they
go
to loving homes, God-fearing homes.
Not this man-and-man,
woman-and-woman
trash, but Father, they would be raised up
in good, God-fearing homes,
teaching the love of God to the kids.
Thank you, Father.
Training up a child in the way they
should go, and when they get older, they'll
not depart from it. And the
evil hand will not touch them.
The unclean hand will not touch them.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
Oh God, our hearts cry, Father, for
every single one of them.
Father, we thank you, Lord. We thank
you, Lord, that you're moving on our
behalf right now in the name of Jesus.
Angels on assignment,
uncovering the hotel rings. Angels on
assignment right
now in the name of Jesus, uncovering the
hotel rings in Jesus'name. Angels of the
Lord camped around and about, exposing
the darkness in Jesus'name. We thank
you, Lord, that you're moving on our
behalf.
Aid and assistance, aid and assistance.
Father, we thank you, Lord. You're
sending the
warring
angels right
now in
Jesus'name.
All throughout Amarillo right now in
I see Amarillo highlighted.
Albuquerque.
Texas
college kids—this is dark.
Thank you, Father.
We're all in agreement, and I believe
we're moving this mountain right now.
This has gone on too far,
and it's time for this
stuff to really come to a head, and
judgment to begin to set in on this.
No more grace concerning this.
This is foul.
No more of this. And I'm asking, Father,
to intervene with angelic aid and
assistance,
bringing these children home.
And when they come home, that pain would
be
fixed—all
this heaviness.
What's going on in
these kids
is
a mess in itself, and it's going to take
a lot of prayer and a lot of the Holy Ghost
purifying, cleansing, and helping
these children.
The unclean hand will not touch them
anymore. Father,
we give you all the glory, honor, and
praise. Father, I just consider it done,
Lord, and I rejoice with you, Father,
for you want this more than we do.
But we pray it into this earth's
atmosphere and out of the spirit
realm. And we believe, Father, that we
have angelic aid and assistance right
now concerning this. And Father, you're
putting a hedge—you're cutting this
snake's head off concerning this, and the
embezzling of the money, and the
money laundering, and all the things that
are going on with this in Europe and
all that's happening all around. Father,
I thank you, Lord, that this is coming
to an end, and we will see great results
concerning this. They'll be too scared
to touch them, even with the
venereal
disease,
that they'll say, 'I ain't doing
this,'because
they don't even know how they're
getting it. It just
happens to them because they've opened
the door.
I thank you, Father.
And the children are protected;
the children are protected from it. They
don't even get it, they don't even know.
It's a supernatural hedge of protection,
but it's like an end-time plague
that stops this.
Thank you, Father.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, that you protect the
children. We thank you, Lord, that you
stop the darkness.
Thank you, Lord, this stops now in
Jesus'name.
No more of this mess with these little
kids. Well, praise the Lord, y'all.
I'm thankful for every single one
of you that came. I know these videos
go a different direction
every single time, and I never know
the way the Holy Spirit's going to take
us, but this was very
heavy for me. That was
rough.
I just thank the Lord that it happens
quickly.
And I'm so thankful for every single one
of you that takes these videos seriously and
comes and prays
with us.
Well, I believe we're making a
difference.
I believe breakthrough is coming for
these children's lives today
as we see it. And I don't know why it's
on the Father's heart like this because
it could
be other things, but this is so
important.
He brings it up like, 'You're
forgetting this,'you know, praying over
the abortions, praying over this stuff.
And it's like, 'Of course, Lord, forgive
me.'Yes,
stir it up, stir it up, stir it up!
Glory to God.
Thank you, Father.
We give you all the glory, honor, and
praise, Father. We thank you, Lord.
Oh, what a week we believe we will have,
Father,
with victory concerning these things.
This will be an amazing week ahead
with victory
because we go from glory to glory to
glory,
and we're so excited because we live on
the victory side of things. Thank you
for coming and praying with me today,
baby.
Thank you.
I sure am so glad you came.
Hallelujah.
Well, if you're looking for something to
watch online and you need a
refreshing, Billy Burke is holding
meetings in Anchorage, Alaska at King's
Church
in
Wasilla,
Alaska. And he has an online
channel there, a YouTube channel that he
has every night at their time.
So, it's like what, here? And he's
doing these meetings to just get
refreshed if you want something to
watch.
I look forward to it. And he's going to
be there Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
and he was there tonight. So, but
yeah, just something to
support, to watch their channel. I
don't know the pastor there, but it
looked
like a good little church there
in Alaska.
Yeah,
wow, that's a lot.
So, if you're in Alaska, look up
where he's at because he'll be there
till Wednesday.
Maybe you go over there and visit
at King's Church.
So, pretty cool.
He'll be at all kinds of places.
His whole itinerary is online on
his website,
so he goes all over.
We just go to get refreshed.
We like to watch online;
it's good stuff.
And if he's ever in our area,
we're there,
just getting refreshed.
You know, I don't know of very many
places that I just go and drink and
go, 'Hey, I know the water's pure
here and it's
okay.'No,
I go and I like to get my
toes wet.
Not anymore; I want to jump in!
I don't want to just get my toes wet, I
want to jump in. So, well, praise God.
Well, if you're new here, we really
appreciate you being here. Could
you please subscribe? If you
haven't subscribed, click the
notification bell, click the subscribe
button, click the like button, click all
the things that you can do to help us.
This is what helps us with the
algorithm. We'll never ask you for
anything other than this.
We just ask you to please help us.
You know, I heard there's a prophetic
conference coming and they want to
charge for prophetic words.
It really bothered me. It really
bothered me because you can't pay for a
prophetic word. Now, I may have
misunderstood some of it, but this is
what was said to me: 'Brenda, do
you see that they're charging for
prophetic words?'And I'm just saying,
it's a very dangerous place to be, to
charge for a prophetic word. If you
think that's like a
scam—you
know, you pay fortune tellers
for prophetic words—you can't pay for
the Holy Ghost to talk to you. It's only
by grace, and He talks to you as you
go underneath the anointing. But if you
think you can use your prophetic gift to
make a profit out of it, and you have a
prophetic conference concerning it and
you say, 'Hey, we're having all
these prophets and you can pay for a
prophetic word,'that's very dangerous
to me.
I would say run
with all you have. We had a ministry
say, 'Well, we charge to cast
demons out of people.'Well, we were
young and we paid it, but there wasn't
any
devil cast out. There was no money
for Megan.
Yeah, there's nothing wrong.
There's no devil in the first place, but
I'm just saying with my daughter. But
instantaneously, when
you go to this big ministry, even in
Dallas,
and they said, 'We're going to charge you
500 bucks,'and that happened to us. And
besides
that, we had a dear sister
give us the money. She said, 'Brandon, I
felt led to bless you back with
that.'I
thought, 'Isn't that
amazing?'Yeah,
all these years later.
All these years later.
That was when Megan was a little
younger, yeah.
But it was on that lady's heart to send
us that $500. I thought, 'Isn't that
amazing? People are so
nice.'But
you just come across folks that
have a good heart. But I want to warn
you, there's a lot of wolves in sheep's
clothing.
Charge them for healing?
'Well, we'll pray for you and
everything.'If
you lay hands on my daughter, you
know, or whatever, I'm like, 'No, we
don't want—I won't let anybody touch my
kids unless
I know them.'We've learned there's a
lot of—the unclean hand will not touch
my kids. I don't—even when
the pastor says, 'Hey, we're going to
let so-and-so hand you to the front of
the church,'I say, 'No, I'm not
interested.
I don't know you, and you are not
imparting anything into me unless I know
you.'Period.
And the Holy Ghost says,
because there's a lot of
things—they'll
transfer spirits, and they could be in
witchcraft, they could be a lot of
things. You are not touching me
with your hands unless I know you.
Period. 'And so, I want you to pray for
me.''No,
I'm good. I'm
good. I'll pray until I know who you
are,'you
know? And then when
they started saying, 'We're charging for
prophetic words. We're charging for
healings. We're charging for
this,'I
thought, 'We are in the last
days.'And
I asked one of my
prophetic friends, I said, 'Are you going to
any of this?'He said, 'No.'I said, 'It
just infuriates me.'I just
go, 'Come on, folks. We've got to do
better.
We got to do
better.'So,
I don't know. I don't want to get
off on a rant, but I'm just telling
y'all, Diana and I will never ask you
for a dime. Freely we have been given,
freely we give out. We put our
descriptions of things in our PayPal
and all that if you want to bless our
ministry. And that's because you've
asked for it, but we've never asked for
anything. Freely we've been given,
freely we give out. Now, if you say,
'Hey, the Lord told me to do
that,'that's
on you. But we're never asking
you for nothing. All we come on here to
ask you for is a like, a click, and
something nice down below and to agree
with us by faith. Other than that, God
takes care of Brandon Biggs. He takes
care of Diana. He's been good to me. We
believe just like everybody for our
finances, just like everybody else does.
But I'm going to tell you, it bothers me
when I saw a prophetic conference
charging for stuff, and I said, 'Oh, no.
We can't do that.'But we
pray for every single one of you. And we
ain't judging anybody. We're just loving
on people. And we're excited you're
here. I pray that when you come here,
you get refreshed and you have
impartation into your life that changes
you from glory to glory to glory. And
that when you get done, you say, 'I'll
never be the same. Never, never, never
in Jesus'name.'That's what we want
for you. And we pray that for you every
single day. Well, God bless you all.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Jesus loves you so
much and we love you. God bless you and
we'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.